MLflow 3 docs update (#15528)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/mlflow-3/index.mdx

> traces = mlflow.search_traces(model_id=active_model_id)

Reviewer: we cane remove `traces` here.

Author: Yep it'll be removed in https://github.com/mlflow/mlflow/pull/15533

    </TabItem>
    <TabItem label="MLflow 3.0" value="mlflow_3">
        Pass `name` when logging a model. This allows you to later search for LoggedModels using this name.

>         **It's no longer needed to start a run before logging models.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        ::: note
        
            MLflow no longer requires starting a Run before logging models, because Models become
            first citizen entity in MLflow 3. You can directly call the `log_model` API without the
            `mlflow.start_run()` context manager to log a model to MLflow.
            
        :::
```
